# NCICyber
CA_40_PERCENT_GROUP_07
In the era of digitalization, every country or organization is facing the issue of cyber threats where surveys show that a lack of awareness in the field of cyber security makes every citizen of the country or the employee of the organization vulnerable. To overcome the issue of awareness the members have started this community where people can engage with the thought of cyber security learnings and use cases where all of us are ​able to learn and understand in detail the​ security features ​and their​ implementation in the prospect of web security. Our Web application “nirAdhi” (Which is a Sanskrit word that means Secure) conducts Cyber Events at the National College of Ireland where team members build a community of like-minded people who provides security insights to the students with their Industrial Experience.  Each of our team members has been assigned a specific task in terms of the development of this web application. which has enabled us to complete the project on time. As soon as companies decide to invest in software applications, people surely identified the need for the application in the market with a solid implementation plan. Implementing the idea with the right technology and tools is not always clear for a company or group of individuals in the beginning. The solution which will be the best fit for the demand in the market in terms of technology used, hosting options, or third-party services integration is often suggested by the development team, software architects, and consultants who know the technicalities as well as the pros and cons of the technologies. In this application, the team used the technology called ​ASP.NET CORE as it is the​ framework used for ​building modern, cloud​-enabled, ​Internet-connected applications​ with usability of cross-platform, high performance, and open-source. In this era of modernization, all technology companies are moving toward the cloud, making the ASP.NET framework widely used for cloud-based applications with ​the ability to​ develop ​and run-on​ ​Windows, macOS, and Linux​. Moreover, the important feature of the web application is ​to allow users to​ perform the action of choosing the event in which they have an interest. The internal functionality involves security features that make the website more functional and shuts the door to any outside threat.
